(metal clanking)
(birds chirping)
(Tsubaki groans)
- Ah, shoot.
Agreed to house-sit for him,
and helped myself to the forge,
and promptly broke
one of his hammers
Ugh, Welfy's gonna throw a fit.
I sure hope it's not
a bad omen for us.
(door creaks)
Hmm?
- Hello, Tsubaki Collbrande.
Pardon us, but I'm afraid we
need your help in the Dungeon.
- [Tsubaki] Hmm.
(Opening song)
- [Bell] I was right.
We have to move.
We've gotta go as far
away as we possibly can.
There'll be more monsters
past this tunnel.
But if we don't get
out of here now.
(Juggernaut growls)
(Bell gasps)
(Bell screams)
No, no, no.
(Bell panting)
(Juggernaut growls)
Fire bolt!
(Bell groaning)
Pure luck, that's all it was.
That thing will be back.
(Ryu grunts)
Miss Ryu?
- Huh?
Mr. Cranel.
(brooding music)
I see.
So we're in the Deep Floors.
- Oh, Miss Ryu.
You need to heal up, okay?
And I already ran out of items,
so use your magic on yourself.
- The song of a now
faraway forest.
The comforting, the
melody of life.
Noah Heal.
- [Bell] No, not on me.
You need treatment soon
or else you'll-
- It's for the best.
I'm too far gone.
I'm only gonna slow us down.
That spell was the
last of my magic.
It makes more sense
to heal you instead.
- That doesn't make any
kind of sense at all.
Really?
How can you say that now?
- Mr. Cranel,
go on without me.
Just leave me here.
(both gasps)
(ominous music)
- Is that a...
is that a Skull Sheep?
(brooding music)
- [Luvis] Wait, let me
get this straight.
You're saying the Hestia Familia
is stranded in the Dungeon?
- [Dormul] Oh, I see.
So you turn tail and
left it there, didn't you?
- Whatever man,
we had no choice.
We didn't really
have any weapons.
Well, not the right ones anyway.
Besides, we nearly died
trying to get back here.
- Unbelievable.
I cannot abandon
the Hestia Familia.
I'm heading down
into the Dungeon.
- The hell you are!
With your injuries,
it's suicide.
I'm gonna go, you stay here and-
- [Tsubaki] Yo!
You were saying something
about the Hestia Familia?
Give me all of the details.
- Wait, hold on.
You're, you're Tsubaki
Collbrande.
- You're the head captain
of the Hephaistos Familia.
What are you doing here?
- Well, that's a long story.
Come on, why don't we share.
A floor boss and the
25th floor exploded.
And to make matters worse,
the monsters are
acting weird too.
- [Luvis] Yeah, something's
definitely amiss.
We can't wrap our heads
around it either.
- What's going on?
- I'm not sure, but it sounds
like a real dumpster fire
down there right meow.
- It doesn't matter, guys.
We're supposed to be
reinforcements,
so let's focus on saving Ryu
and Mr. White Rabbit
and the others.
Woo!
- [Lunor] Wait. Come
back here, you dumb cat.
- Interesting friends
you got there.
(Tsubaki laughs)
- Yeah, sorry about them.
Well, at any rate, guess
we ought to go get ourselves
a quick peek at the 25th floor.
(ominous music)
- Not good.
Do we run?
I doubt we'll get very far.
I guess fighting is
our only option.
Should I let it get closer?
No, I have to move.
Is it gone?
- No.
Its skin, it's camouflaged.
- [Bell] Where, where did it go?
Calm down.
Breathe.
- Look out!
(Bell groans)
(brooding music)
(Bell grunts)
- [Ryu] No, get out of there.
(Bell groans)
(Bell panting)
- Just one battle.
That's all it took to do
this much damage.
These are the Deep Floors.
How in the world are
we going to survive?
(footsteps echoing)
Miss Ryu?
- [Ryu] Leave me behind and go.
I'm dead weight.
At this point I'll
only get in the way.
- Come on now.
- [Ryu] Go on without me.
(somber music)
- Not a chance.
No, there's absolutely no way.
I will not abandon you!
- [Ryu] Please.
- And besides, I can't traverse
the Deep Floors alone.
I'd be chopped into tiny pieces
in a matter of minutes.
I barely made it through
that last fight
even with your help.
You're not dead weight.
You've been to the Deep
Floors before, Miss Ryu.
I need you.
(somber music)
- Perhaps I was being too hasty.
It seems that I may
have lost my composure.
- [Bell] Miss Ryu, let's go.
- Let's head for a room.
One with the dead end,
a small one preferably.
- [Bell] A room?
- That's correct.
We'll hole up there for a while
and take some time
to catch our breath.
- Sure.
- Like you said, Mr. Cranel,
it would appear that I
could still be of some use.
(suspenseful music)
(Ouka growls)
(Mikoto screams)
(Welf growls)
(Amphisbaena growls)
- All of the new
footholds are up.
Regroup at the front line,
but kill the other
monsters first.
(suspenseful music)
- [Ouka] Let's move.
- Lady Cassandra and
Lady Haruhime,
I want you to cast your spells
as soon as they're ready.
- Copy that.
- Sounds good.
(suspenseful music)
- Eat this.
- It went under again.
- Mikoto!
- [Mikoto] Daphne,
get out of there.
Zekka!
(Ouka growls)
- [Aisha] The party's
working together
like a well-oiled machine,
giving Amphisbaena a run
for its money.
We finished off most
of its friends too.
The ugly bastard's
running out of steam.
- Hey, I think we might be
pulling it off.
Aren't we?
- Yeah, seems like luck's
on our side.
You can't hide.
- Mikoto.
- [Mikoto] On it.
- When it comes up, hit
with all you've got.
- [Ouka] Right.
(suspenseful music)
- The waterfall.
- What the?
It's going up?
- Where's it trying to go?
Oh God, no.
(Welf screams)
(everyone screaming)
(suspenseful music)
(Mikoto groans)
(footsteps echoing)
- [Bell] We have to hurry.
If something else attacks us,
we're doomed
(Bell gasps)
- Please calm down.
I'll keep an eye out for any
monsters that may be nearby.
All you need to do is
concentrate
on getting us somewhere safe.
(Bell sighs)
- Okay.
- [Ryu] When we come
to a fork in the road,
choose the narrower
of the two paths.
That should eventually
lead us to a room.
- [Bell] Got it.
But still, even if
we make it to a room,
what comes after that?
(Bell gasps)
(ominous music)
Assuming we do get to
rest, what's our next move?
How are we going to
escape the Deep Floors?
Will we get to go home?
No, stay focused.
One step at a time,
just do as Miss Ryu says.
(Bell gasps)
A monster?
- [Ryu] No, I don't
sense danger.
- Huh?
That light.
Could it possibly be?
It is a magic stone lamp!
- Then that must mean
we're not alone.
- It's a person.
There's an adventurer here
Our luck's turning around.
We're not alone anymore.
We're saved.
Please help us, we're desperate.
Can you spare a-
(ominous music)
No.
I knew it.
We're going die here.
(ominous music)
Stay away.
Stay away!
Fire bolt!
(Bell screams)
(Bell pants)
- Mr. Cranel.
It's all right, okay?
All three of them fled the area.
Mr. Cranel?
- This, is where we-
- You must calm down.
Get a hold of yourself.
- [Bell] I can't anymore.
- It's Mind Down.
(Ryu groaning)
Look at me, Mr. Cranel.
Just look at me.
- I'm so sorry.
(slaps)
Miss Ryu?
- I know it's difficult, but
listen to me.
Mr. Cranel, there is no
reason for you to weep.
Okay, so yes, we stumbled
across the remains
of fellow adventurers,
but that changes nothing
about our situation.
- You think it, it doesn't?
- No, it doesn't.
Rather we've reached our
destination of room to rest.
That's at least progress,
isn't it?
So please don't let any
of this discourage you.
(Bell sighs)
Five minutes.
- Huh?
- [Ryu] I'll stand guard.
Use that time to take
a short nap.
Give your body a chance to
recuperate
as much as humanly possible.
- In five minutes?
- Down here in the Deep Floors,
and especially in our current
predicament,
it's all we can afford.
Sleeping anytime, anywhere,
make an effort to get back on
your feet.
It's the mark of a true
adventurer.
- A true adventurer?
- [Ryu] That's right.
Lucky for us, your
last fire bolt
damaged the walls and ceiling,
which means the room
won't spawn monsters
for the next five minutes or so.
And whether your body and
mind are able to recover,
that'll determine your,
I mean, our likelihood of
survival.
You rest first, okay?
And after a few minutes,
it'll be my turn.
- I understand.
- Sleep well, Mr. Cranel.
(somber music)
Five minutes.
(Haruhime and Cassandra
coughing)
- [Lili] Are you all right?
- I, I'm fine.
(Haruhime coughs)
- And the others?
(Welf coughs)
- [Welf] Ugh, damn it.
(Ouka grunts)
- That was a disaster.
- [Aisha] Is everyone
accounted for?
(Chigusa panting)
(Chigusa gasps)
- Mikoto!
- Does anybody see her?
- No.
(Daphne gasps)
(brooding music)
Mikoto!
Oh.
(suspenseful music)
(Amphisbaena growls)
- Ugh, damn it that son
of a bitch won't quit.
Be careful!
- But I thought because
we held out for so long,
we could escape being
consumed by despair.
(Amphisbaena growls)
- [Lili] Cassandra, look out.
(Lili gasps)
- [Cassandra] Haruhime.
(suspenseful music)
- [Lili] Haruhime!
- Haruhime.
- This can't really be the end.
- Mikoto!
Haruhime!
(Aisha groans)
If it's the last thing I
ever do, you're gonna pay!
- I am gonna rip your head
off, you piece of shit!
(Ending song)
- [Cassandra] Next time,
"Daphne Lauros."